Alright now in this module I'm gonna
create a new project for us
to play around with dependency injector
by just using base spring so we're not
going to bring in a lot of stuff like
last time we're just going to bring in
the real core of the Spring Framework
and we'll show you how to do that and this
time we're going to do is a little bit
of twist on you I'm going to do it all
through IntelliJ I'm going to be using
some features of IntelliJ Ultimate here
and it's important to note that if
you're using a Community Edition, the
option to create a Spring Project using
Spring Initializr is not available in
the Community Edition. It is a feature of
IntelliJ Ultimate. Now with that said, you
can always go out to the website again
and pull down a zip file like we did
previously in this course where we got a
zip file, then we mounted it inside of
IntelliJ or if you want to be using
Eclipse you can do that also but this is
an ultimate feature and don't worry if
you're not on Ultimate, I am going to check
this in. So you can either follow along by
downloading it from the site or I will
have the code checked into the github
just as it came out of the Spring
Initializr. Okay I am back in IntelliJ and
what I'm going to do to create the new
project using these Spring Initializr
right from inside the IDE is, I'm going
to come up here to File then come over
to New and say a New Project and there
are several options here and it already
knows that I want Spring Initializer
because I've been creating Spring Boot
Applications from that before and we are
going to use the SDK of Java 1.8 and
actually I think I got a newer version
of Java so we'll take it up to the 121
release and we are going to use the
initializr service and this is start.spring.io and this is the exact
same website that we used previously to
create the web application so IntelliJ
is going to be using that behind the
scenes to get it for us and we do have
an option for a custom as far as I know
there's no other implementations of that
so at the time of recording to my
knowledge your only option is to use
start.spring.io for your
initializr and we are going to go to
next and I'm going to change the group
to my domain. I'm going to call this
di-demo or dependency injection demo and
we can see that I'm going to leave it
as a Maven Project use a Jar Java 1.8
language of Java we are
getting options on there for Kotlin and
Groovy but for now we'll definitely be
staying with Java we don't need to show
too much at you. I'm going to give it a
realistic description here and I'm going
to accept that package of guru.springframework,
say Next and this is where we
saw all that stuff before that we could
select from the website and there's
a lot of stuff in here that we are not
going to take so we just want Spring
Core so that's all we need and I am
going to come over here and take the
milestone 1 release of Spring Boot so
and that is Spring Boot 2 which
includes Spring 5 and all the stuff.
We are going to be working with
absolutely pure Spring unlike before
where we were bringing in Thymeleaf and
the web components. It's going to be just
straight-up Spring. We are looking at
probably one of the most core features
of the Spring Framework which is all
around the Dependency Injection and
Inversion Of Control so that's all we
need for this project and now I'm going
to say Next and now it's asked me for a
location you can see I'm keeping it in
spring5 and everything looks correct
to me so I am going to say Finish.Iit's
going to take
a few moments for IntelliJ to go out to
the Spring site and bring down the
project and you can see down at the
bottom IntelliJ is currently indexing
the project so intelliJ does bring up or develop its
own index and if you ever see anything
weird inside of IntelliJ, I'll give you a
quick tip while this is loading, you come
up to File and say Invalidate Caches / Restart.
Every now and then IntelliJ will
get lost and you need to do that but I
mean like once a month is as far as
every now and then so we can see that
IntelliJ has a project down and it is
finishing up the indexing process let's
go ahead and take a look at what's been
created for us so now let's take a look
at this pom. You can see there's all the
stuff that I've placed inside in the
dialog box and this is just like if I
used it from the website and now what we
can see is the dependencies are a lot
lot less so we really only have two
right here we have the spring-boot-starter and the spring-boot-starter-test.
I'm going to come over here to Maven
Projects and show you what's behind
those so we are using the curated
dependencies if I look at the spring-boot-starter
you can see there's spring
down spring boot and we're going to
spring-context release candidate
one so we're getting some of the auto
configure, we're getting the logging, logback, slf4j. If you're doing logging,
please use slf4j and not a hard
logging implementation. We're getting a
spring-core in jcl and the YAML,
the sneaky yml is a Spring Boot
dependency not Spring specifically but
it is a dependency for spring boot and
then we also are getting in the starter-test which will give us nifty stuff like
junit and mockito and we will definitely
be looking at those later in the course.
Okay can see how easy it was to use
IntelliJ to go out and grab that project
to get a project created even though our
projects a lot lighter and we only had
two jars come in you can see how
the curated dependencies are working in
the maven dependency tree inside of
IntelliJ so we got a lot of fun stuff
that we're going to cover
around dependency injection in this
module and this project we're going
to be using that just to be working with
pure Spring and dependency injection how
Spring seeds dependency injection so
we will be continued along with that
in the course like I said if you weren't
able to follow along using IntelliJ
ultimate don't worry I'm going to have
this checked into GitHub for you to
download and bring down to your system
or alternatively you can use the website
start.spring.io and go down
and bring down a minimal Spring project
for our use.